Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Vodka rocks, please.
Hi. How are you?
Thirsty.
Straight up. And no ice this time.
l tell this guy about the ice,
and then he pours me a Scotch rocks.
''About the ice?''
The water actually in the ice.
- l'm an expert on it.
- What's wrong with it?
No big secret. lt's been in the news.
Government additive,
something they call chloramine.
They said it's good for us.
lt's like fluoride.
That's what they say.
l didn't sit down here to scare you.
On the contrary.
Would you like to get some air?
Long way to go for a drink.
You like living out here?
How much farther?
Just over the bridge.
What the hell are you doing?
Let go!
You're gonna kill us.
Last season:
There was a rumored program out of
the Cold War, a plan to create a super-soldier.
Said Scully's in the program too.
- Your baby was a miracle.
- My baby is normal.
She may never make it out of this building.
Get him off.
- This is my baby. Don't let them take it.
- Push, Dana.
This office is under investigation
for the late-night meeting
between you and Knowle Rohrer.
- You investigate what l tell you.
- You put me on the X-Files.
l think what we feared were the possibilities.
The truth, we both know.
lt's all right.
lt's gonna be OK.
Monica, it's me. Did l wake you?
Brad? No, l'm awake.
You're in town.
l came in on short notice.
lf you're coming to the Hoover Building,
can you stop by my office on your way in?
Sure, l can do that.
Good. Looking forward to it.
..death of a government employee last night.
The body of Carl Wormus,
an administrator
for the Environmental Protection Agency,
was pulled from the Potomac
by divers this morning.
Wormus drove his car
through a barricade and into the river.
A police spokesperson says he was alone...
- Monica?
- Hi.
- What are you doing?
- Leaving you a note.
Your assistant was out and l didn't
wanna knock. l was gonna call you.
Come on in.
What?
We're at work.
You used to ask me to close the door
at work back in New York.
ls that all you called me here for,
Assistant Director?
l probably shouldn't tell you
how hot you look either. Cos you do.
How long as it been? Two years?
We should catch up. Really.
l've gotta get downstairs.
l've got something for you.
Forgive me, but it didn't take a whole lot of
digging to figure out why you're here in DC.
What are those?
Something you're gonna see.
l wanted to show you first.
They were taken from the security cameras
in the FBl parking garage.
One of them shows you arrive in a cab
meeting John Doggett.
l'm working with him.
He called me here on a case.
l heard, believe me.
This whole thing about
a chase and a crash and a fire.
And now Doggett's investigation
of Deputy Director Kersh. lt's big news.
What's so important to show me?
What's on the other tape?
How's your investigation going?
Turned up any
incriminating evidence on me yet?
lt's only Monday morning, sir.
lt's nothing personal, Deputy Director.
l hope you know that.
l know, John.
We've pretty much always seen eye to eye.
l'm sure if you can't find anything on me,
John, nobody can.
How are you doing?
That good.
l didn't ask to be put on the X-Files.
Kersh put me here. l'm just doing my job.
What did he think? That l'd be thankful?
That l'd do anything less?
lt's not gonna be easy.
Hell, no. He's a deputy director,
one man removed from the head of the FBl.
l mean it may be impossible.
- What's this?
- A tape two nights ago from the FBl garage.
You're not on it.
What are you talking about?
This is the wrong damn tape.
l've watched it. There's nothing there.
AD Skinner and l were attacked and chased.
Knowle Rohrer drove his car into the wall.
lt blew up in flames.
Not on this tape.
- Where'd you get this?
- From someone giving me a heads-up.
They can't make this go away. There's
evidence in that garage. There were victims.
l went down to that garage, John. Whatever
happened, they've had 48 hours to clean it up.
- There were witnesses.
- Witnesses who will stand up to this tape?
Mulder, you here?
Naval Telecommunications Command.
l need to make a shore-to-ship call
to the SS Valor Victor.
Sir?
- What? What's the matter?
- l've been trying to call you.
The phone's off the hook because of the baby.
l got panicked you weren't gonna be here,
that you left too.
Come in.
l'm looking for Mulder.
Went to his apartment.
- l know.
- Where'd he go?
Dana, where'd he go?
He's gone.
He's just gone.
l don't know where Mulder is.
l don't know that l'd tell you if l did.
l checked with movers, airlines,
car rental agencies. No Mulder.
Somebody get to him? That it?
Doesn't seem possible, does it?
OK. Where's that leave us?
lt's just me and you -
our word against Kersh and the FBl.
You'd better sit down.
lt's more complicated than that.
- What's more complicated?
- This investigation.
What about it?
l wanna ask you to drop it.
No, not from you. Not after what we've been
through. We barely escaped with our lives.
That's something worth thinking about.
l'm sorry. You're not that reasonable.
Did they get to you too?
No one got to me.
They didn't have to. That's the point.
You're afraid of them.
- l'm not afraid of them.
- You're afraid of something.
What?
The real tape showing up? Them calling you
a killer for you having to shoot Krycek?
l'll stand by my actions,
but l won't stand by yours if you're gonna
push and push until you get somebody killed.
You wanna know what l fear?
l fear for Mulder and Scully.
l fear for the life of that child
if you don't stop pushing.
You don't think l fear for those things?
lf you did, you'd let it go.
So what l'm hearing is,
if l don't drop it l'm alone on this.
You're not.
l hope it wasn't presumptuous of me,
l ordered you a martini.
The presumption's all mine.
l called and asked you out, didn't l?
You actually had me confused a little
this morning in my office.
l had this crazy notion
that you were avoiding me.
Maybe l was trying to avoid myself.
And those tapes you pulled out of your desk
weren't exactly Pamela and Tommy Lee.
And l'd heard that
you and John Doggett were tight.
You make it sound like l go home from work
with Post-its on my ass. lt's nothing like that.
Then l don't get it.
Why risk your name and your career getting
caught up in this rabid investigation of his?
There isn't going to be an investigation.
Not any more.
l wouldn't have thought Doggett'd be thrown
off so easy. Not what l've heard about him.
Whatever you may think about him,
Brad, he's not a fool.
Now you're pissed off at me.
No. l'm pissed off because this means l'll be
shipping back to the New Orleans field office.
What are you talking about?
The way l heard it, you're with the X-Files.
This investigation drops,
they're gonna drop the X-Files along with it.
You know me, where my interests lie -
this was my dream assignment.
Not to mention how excited l was
to be up here in DC.
- But you just got here.
- l know.
l'm really sorry.
- Dana, l need your help.
- l don't know how to find him.
ltjust doesn't make any sense.
Mulder leaving you here all alone.
Just walking out on you,
not telling you where and why?
lt makes sense in its own way.
That's all l can tell you.
Then tell me why you can't trust me.
Everything l did to protect you when
your baby was in danger, what changed?
Why is it suddenly l'm now the enemy?
Let it go, John.
Drop it. Please.
They tried to kill me and Skinner, and would
have killed Mulder too. They're still out there.
Exactly right. And they are unstoppable
and they are inside the FBl.
You know something you're not telling me.
Mulder knows something.
How long can you hide from it?
Knowle Rohrer, my old military buddy,
told me your pregnancy was the result of a
cloning experiment to create a super-soldier.
l don't wanna hear this.
There is nothing to any of this.
Knowle Rohrer, my buddy, was one of the
men that tried to kill us in the FBl garage.
My baby, my son, is fine.
l hope to God that's true.
l just don't wanna pretend.
l'm gonna ask you to leave.
l'm gonna ask you to leave
and not come back here.
Directory assistance.
Let's try Maryland, Virginia.
- What listing, please?
- A number for a Ryan Bracker.
B-r-a-c-k-e-r.
l was given this number for
a Roger Erickson of the US Marine Corps.
- Speaking.
- Roger?
- lt's John Doggett, Bravo Company.
- How you doing?
l'm good. lt's good to hear you.
- You remember Knowle Rohrer?
- Sure.
What's his story? Didn't he get involved in
something when we got back? Special Ops?
No idea. l never heard from Knowle
after we got back. We should get together.
Yeah. Let's catch a beer sometime.
This is Shannon. Leave a message.
l'll return it as soon as l can.
This is John Doggett. l'm trying to reach
Shannon McMahon, of Bravo Company.
lf this is she, could you contact me at the
FBl in Washington, DC as soon as possible?
Sleepy time, sweet William.
l'll see you in a couple of hours.
Hello?
lt's Scully.
Dana? What's wrong? Are you all right?
- ls Agent Doggett there?
- Yeah. He's right here with me.
ls something wrong?
Yeah, something.
l think l might have been wrong
telling you to drop your investigation.
l didn't drop it. We found something. l'm
not sure how it fits but we're working on it.
- What is it?
- A body.
Thanks for coming.
The deceased's name is Carl Wormus,
of the Environmental Protection Agency.
Drove through a barricade
and off a bridge two nights ago.
And?
Somebody at the FBl thought it important
enough to stick his obituary under our noses.
- Who?
- We don't know.
His blood alcohol level
was upwards of point one five.
He was drunk. He crashed and drowned.
There's gotta be something more.
- What the hell are you doing?
- Excuse me?
Do you know how many people are waiting
to see you make a mistake like this?
l didn't know l made a mistake.
This EPA guy that you checked out
of the morgue without any jurisdiction.
- Come on.
- All your friends, all your former FBl buddies.
- What?
- They're not your pals any more.
Not since this investigation. Since you
launched an attack on one of your own.
Just watch your back.
Definitive answer how this guy died -
what would that take?
A careful autopsy.
- How fast?
- That's not what l'm saying.
l'd understand if you don't wanna do this,
but you're the only person we can trust.
Collecting for the needy and unemployed.
Open the door.
Thanks for doing this, guys.
Like we've got anything better
to be doing these days.
Just to let you know.
We may need to hit you up for some coin.
Why? What happened to you guys?
Don't ask.
We hacked into the Department of lnterior's
mainframe and got the EPA files you wanted
on this man Carl Wormus.
And?
Are we mind-readers?
That's all you asked for.
What exactly was it you were looking for?
lf we may ask.
l don't know.
lf he had any secrets,
he took them to his grave.
Nothing hinky in his files except
some kind of rabid obsession with water.
- With water?
- Water.
Asphyxiation induced
by the inhalation of water.
There's contusions on the forehead and chest,
but the impact didn't kill him.
This man drowned.
You're looking like you hope there's
something more, but there isn't.
l'm sorry. That's not it.
l'm just impressed that you can do this.
This is what l do, Agent Reyes.
But you're here doing it now.
Something did happen, didn't it?
l know what you're afraid of.
That there's something wrong with your baby.
We can let our fears get the better of us.
We can imagine things, make connections
with things that aren't there.
Like with this man.
lf you ever feel the need
to talk to someone, l'm here.
l'd never betray a confidence.
There is something.
- What?
- Right here on the ankle.
- Are those fingerprints?
- That's what they look like.
From someone holding him down?
l don't know how, or who.
l don't know if you're aware of where
Agent Scully is. She's at Quantico.
Called in by John Doggett to autopsy
a body he's got no authority to touch.
lf l may be blunt, sir,
Doggett's put his tit in the wringer.
Maybe. So what?
A lot of us think that he's lost all judgment.
And one man's actions
should not affect the entire FBl.
We feel he should be called out for this.
Punished?
Thank you, Assistant Director.
lt's a difficult situation to be in.
l appreciate you doing this.
- lt was the right thing to do.
- Let me know how it goes.
Me?
l can't, sir.
There's a conflict. l can't do this myself.
l can't very well do it. How would it look?
l'm under investigation by Agent Doggett.
You have no personal ax to grind.
Hello. Can l help you?
l'm looking for Dana Scully.
She's not here. Can l tell her who's calling?
We work together.
Do you know where l can find her?
Would you like to leave a message?
l'll leave her a note,
if you wouldn't mind opening the door.
Why don't you just leave your name?
l'll have Dana call you.
You need to refrigerate this body to preserve
him as evidence. Whatever he's evidence of.
Whatever it is,
l can't reach John to even tell him.
Monica, l don't know what to say.
But good luck.
l gotta go. l gotta get home.
Third floor they have a cooler for the teaching
cadavers. You can temporarily put him there.
Behind us. Just keep walking.
- Who is she?
- l'd never seen her before this morning.
Now l've seen her twice.
- Excuse us. Where's Agent Doggett?
- What are you doing, Brad?
What am l doing?
l'm doing my best to cover your ass.
- What are you talking about?
- l'm talking about these.
- Let go of me.
- What's going on here?
Where'd he go?
Who? Where'd who go?
Where did Doggett take the body?
You're not making any sense.
Agent Doggett didn't take any body anywhere.
You're looking at me like
you don't believe me. Ask Agent Scully.
l'm gonna go now. l've got a child at home.
Body or no body,
you were here doing an autopsy.
Doggett was here, without authorization.
- Without authorization?
- He's out of control, Monica.
Forget the X-Files.
He'll take you down with him.
This was you, wasn't it? You floated that
obituary to me to set Doggett up. Using me?
l don't know what you're talking about.
You came to me for help.
l'm only trying to help you help yourself.
l know exactly what you're doing. Don't forget
to piss on all the corners before you leave.
l didn't float any obituary.
What's she talking about?
Son of a...
After the violence attempted on Doggett, l'd
check who's at the door before opening it.
Next time l'll get a chair.
- Agent Doggett's gone.
- What do you mean ''gone?''
He and Skinner split for Maryland.
Show her what we found,
before she makes any nasty remarks.
lt took some real hacking, but Carl Wormus -
the EPA man who drowned in his car -
he'd been receiving encrypted email data
from a water reclamation plant in Maryland,
from a worker there
named Roland McFarland.
- Encrypted data on what?
- Don't know.
But whatever it is may have gotten
both these men killed.
There are no nameplates.
l see that.
This is madness. Even if he connects to your
investigation, we don't know the right area.
This has gotta be McFarland's area.
This might be his desk.
- Let's just grab the hard drive and go.
- l'm not sure if it's his.
Somebody's gonna come walking in
any minute and it's not gonna matter.
Just keep an eye out.
- What's chloramine?
- Why are you asking me?
This is McFarland's desk.
He's got tons of files on chloramine.
l'm betting it figures into all this somehow.
Grab the files and go.
Assistant Director.
Looks like you and l are chasing
the same man.
Visiontext Subtitles: Adrian lsaac
US ENGLlSH
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org